Mask human k-mers and exclude HERV-K113 from the viral index (#886)
naobservatory/mgs-workflow: docs/index.md

Given these inputs, the index workflow:
- Generates a TSV of viral taxa, incorporating taxonomic information from NCBI, and annotates each taxon with infection status for each host taxon of interest (using Virus-Host-DB).
- Makes Minimap2 and Bowtie2 indices from (1) all vertebrate-infecting viral genomes in Genbank[^genbank], (2) the human genome, (3) common non-human contaminants, plus BBMap indices for (2) and (3).

> - Builds a [Nucleaze](https://github.com/jackdougle/nucleaze) k-mer index over the viral genomes for RUN's viral k-mer screen. Before indexing, it uses BBDuk to N-mask any k-mer the viral genomes share with the human genome (CHM13), so human-contaminated regions of viral assemblies don't let human reads pass the screen. This masking applies only to the k-mer screen index, not to the viral Minimap2/Bowtie2 alignment indices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Builds a [Nucleaze](https://github.com/jackdougle/nucleaze) k-mer index the same set of vertebrate-infecting viral genomes. In contrast to Minimap2 and Bowtie2 indices, however, it uses BBDuk to N-mask any k-mer shared with the human genome (CHM13).
```
